When I enlisted in the marine corps, you only had two choices; you did
very well on the way entry test, even the recruiters office you could
pick aviation options. That meant you're for sure you would not go
in the infantry, you'd go in an anaviation option of some kind or
another. These days things have changed entirely, the different services
have different ways of testing you ahead of time and can guarantee
you occupational field. So I'm not exactly sure how that works so
I would urge you to talk to your recruiter about that and don't put
up with "well yeah I'll usually or frequently, or maybe, you know"
what are they guaranteeing you is going to happen. You can't get it
in writing but at least pin them down to not just give you fluffy statements
but to say yes this will happen.